README.md, before:

# Awesome-qr.js 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/awesome-qr.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/awesome-qr)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

An awesome<del>(simple)</del> QR code generator written in JavaScript.

一个优雅的<del>(不起眼的)</del> QR 二维码生成器

### Live demo, 演示网页

Take a look at the [live demo](https://www.bitcat.cc/webapp/awesome-qr/index.html).

### Compatibility, 兼容性

> Awesome-qr.js is compatible with following browsers.

- Chrome 4 to 57 (Chrome for Android 53)
- Firefox 3.6 to 52 (Firefox for Android 49)
- Opera 9 to 43 (Opera Mobile 10 to 37)
- Safari 4 to TP (iOS Safari 3.2 to 10)
- Android Browser 3 to 53
- Edge 12 to 14
- IE 9 to 11

### Examples, 样例

> Try to scan these QR codes below with your smart phone.

Example 1|Example 2|Example 3
------------ | ------------- | -------------
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-1.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-2.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-3.png" width="400">

Binarized|With a logo|Custom color
------------ | ------------- | -------------
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-4.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-5.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-6.png" width="400">

### Quick start, 快速上手

```
npm install awesome-qr --save
```

```javascript
require(['awesome-qr'], function (awesomeQR) {
    awesomeQR.create({
        text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.',
        size: 800,
        margin: 20,
        backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
        logoImage: logoImg,
        bindElement: 'qrcode'
    });
});
```

... or import the .js file manually as you like, and ...

```javascript
new AwesomeQRCode().create({
    text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.',
    size: 800,
    margin: 20,
    backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
    logoImage: logoImg,
    callback: function(dataURI){
        console.log(dataURI);
    },
    bindElement: 'qrcode'
});
```

### Parameters, 参数

> Here's a full list of all parameters, but some of them are optional.

> (Translation) 以下列出全部参数，但其中部分参数是可选的。

```javascript
new AwesomeQRCode().create({
    text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.'
    size: 800,
    margin: 20,
    colorDark: "#000000",
    colorLight: "#ffffff",
    backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
    backgroundDimming: 'rgba(0,0,0,0)',
    logoImage: logoImg,
    logoScale: 0.2,
    logoMargin: 6,
    logoCornerRadius: 8,
    whiteMargin: true,
    dotScale: 0.35,
    autoColor: true,
    binarize: false,
    binarizeThreshold: 128,
    callback: function(dataURI){},
    bindElement: 'qrcode'
});
```

Parameter | Explanation
----|----
contents | Contents to encode. 欲编码的内容
size | Width as well as the height of the output QR code, includes margin. 尺寸, 长宽一致, 包含外边距
margin | Margin to add around the QR code. 二维码图像的外边距, 默认 20px
colorDark | Color of "true" blocks. Works only when both colorDark and colorLight are set. (BYTE_DTA, BYTE_POS, BYTE_AGN, BYTE_TMG) 实点的颜色
colorLight | Color of empty space, or "false" blocks. Works only when both colorDark and colorLight are set. (BYTE_EPT) 空白区的颜色
backgroundImage | Background image to embed in the QR code. Leave null to disable. 欲嵌入的背景图, 设为 null 以禁用
backgroundDimming | Color mask to add above the background image. Helpful when having problems with decoding. 叠加在背景图上的颜色, 在解码有难度的时有一定帮助
logoImage | Logo image to embed at the center of generated QR code. Leave `undefined` to disable. 欲嵌入至二维码中心的 LOGO 标识, 设为 `undefined` 以禁用
logoScale | Value used to scale the logo image. Larger value may result in decode failure. Size of the logo equals to `logoScale*(size-2*margin)`. Default is 0.2f. 用于计算 LOGO 大小的值, 过大将导致解码失败, LOGO 尺寸计算公式 `logoScale*(size-2*margin)`, 默认 0.2f
logoMargin | White margin that appears around the logo image. Leave 0 to disable. LOGO 标识周围的空白边框, 设为 0 以禁用
logoCornerRadius | Radius of the logo's corners. Leave 0 to disable. LOGO 标识及其边框的圆角半径, 设为 0 以禁用
whiteMargin | If set to true, a white border will appear around the background image. Default is true. 若设为 true, 背景图外将绘制白色边框
dotScale | Value used to scale down the data dots' size. (0 < scale < 1.0f) 数据区域点缩小比例
autoColor | If set to true, the dominant color of backgroundImage will be used as colorDark. Default is true. 若为 true, 背景图的主要颜色将作为实点的颜色, 即 colorDark
binarize | If set to true, the whole image will be binarized with the given threshold, or default threshold if not specified. Default is false. 若为 true, 图像将被二值化处理, 未指定阈值则使用默认值
binarizeThreshold | Threshold used to binarize the whole image. Default is 128. (0 < threshold < 255) 二值化处理的阈值
callback | Data URI of the generated QR code will be available here. 生成的二维码 Data URI 可以在回调中取得
bindElement | Element to inject the generated QR code into. MUST be the ID of the target element. (without the "#" prefix). Element type can be `<div>`, `<img>`, etc.

> If you'd like to try out the feature `bindElement`, explore the source code of [this page](https://www.bitcat.cc/webapp/awesome-qr/index2.html).

### Introducing EFQRCode written in Swift

EFQRCode is a tool to generate QRCode image or recognize QRCode from image, in Swift.

Awesome-qr.js is inspired by [EFQRCode by EyreFree](https://github.com/EyreFree/EFQRCode).

If your application is in need of generating pretty QR codes in Swift, take a look at EFQRCode.

It should help.

### AwesomeQRCode written for Android, 支持 Android 的 AwesomeQRCode

Redirect to [AwesomeQRCode](https://github.com/SumiMakito/AwesomeQRCode).

### Vue 2.x Component for Awesome-qr.js

Take a look at [Vue-qr by Binaryify](https://github.com/Binaryify/vue-qr).

### Would you like to buy me a cup of cappuccino? 要请我喝一杯卡布奇诺吗？
PayPal | Alipay
----|----
[PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/makito) | [Alipay](https://qr.alipay.com/a6x02021re1jk4ftcymlw79)

### Changelog 更新日志

##### Ver. 1.0.5

- Now you may use Awesome-qr.js with [require.js](http://requirejs.org/).
- New feature: Embedding a logo image in the QR code.
- Added some features which previously only available on Android platform.

##### Ver. 1.0.4

- Compatibility improved.

##### Ver. 1.0.3

- Now generated QR codes can be automatically filled into specified elements.

##### Ver. 1.0.2, 1.0.1

- Published to NPM.
- Now background images can be binarized.

##### Ver 1.0.0

- Initial release.

### Copyright &amp; License, 版权信息与授权协议

Copyright &copy; 2017 Sumi Makito

Licensed under Apache License 2.0 License.

```
Copyright (c) 2017 Sumi Makito, https://www.keep.moe

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

```
jquery-qrcode
Copyright (c) 2011 Jerome Etienne, http://jetienne.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

```
QRCode for JavaScript
Copyright (c) 2009 Kazuhiko Arase
URL: http://www.d-project.com/
Licensed under the MIT license:
    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
The word "QR Code" is registered trademark of 
DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED
    http://www.denso-wave.com/qrcode/faqpatent-e.html
```

Commit message:

V1.0.6 released. Fixed an issue related to the coordinate system.

README.md, after:

# Awesome-qr.js 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/awesome-qr.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/awesome-qr)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

An awesome<del>(simple)</del> QR code generator written in JavaScript.

一个优雅的<del>(不起眼的)</del> QR 二维码生成器

### Live demo, 演示网页

Take a look at the [live demo](https://www.bitcat.cc/webapp/awesome-qr/index.html).

### Compatibility, 兼容性

> Awesome-qr.js is compatible with following browsers.

- Chrome 4 to 57 (Chrome for Android 53)
- Firefox 3.6 to 52 (Firefox for Android 49)
- Opera 9 to 43 (Opera Mobile 10 to 37)
- Safari 4 to TP (iOS Safari 3.2 to 10)
- Android Browser 3 to 53
- Edge 12 to 14
- IE 9 to 11

### Examples, 样例

> Try to scan these QR codes below with your smart phone.

Example 1|Example 2|Example 3
------------ | ------------- | -------------
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-1.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-2.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-3.png" width="400">

Binarized|With a logo|Custom color
------------ | ------------- | -------------
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-4.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-5.png" width="400"> | <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SumiMakito/Awesome-qr.js/master/art/awesome-qr-6.png" width="400">

### Quick start, 快速上手

```
npm install awesome-qr --save
```

```javascript
require(['awesome-qr'], function (awesomeQR) {
    awesomeQR.create({
        text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.',
        size: 800,
        margin: 20,
        backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
        logoImage: logoImg,
        bindElement: 'qrcode'
    });
});
```

... or import the .js file manually as you like, and ...

```javascript
new AwesomeQRCode().create({
    text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.',
    size: 800,
    margin: 20,
    backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
    logoImage: logoImg,
    callback: function(dataURI){
        console.log(dataURI);
    },
    bindElement: 'qrcode'
});
```

### Parameters, 参数

> Here's a full list of all parameters, but some of them are optional.

> (Translation) 以下列出全部参数，但其中部分参数是可选的。

```javascript
new AwesomeQRCode().create({
    text: 'Makito loves Kafuu Chino.'
    size: 800,
    margin: 20,
    colorDark: "#000000",
    colorLight: "#ffffff",
    backgroundImage: backgroundImg,
    backgroundDimming: 'rgba(0,0,0,0)',
    logoImage: logoImg,
    logoScale: 0.2,
    logoMargin: 6,
    logoCornerRadius: 8,
    whiteMargin: true,
    dotScale: 0.35,
    autoColor: true,
    binarize: false,
    binarizeThreshold: 128,
    callback: function(dataURI){},
    bindElement: 'qrcode'
});
```

Parameter | Explanation
----|----
contents | Contents to encode. 欲编码的内容
size | Width as well as the height of the output QR code, includes margin. 尺寸, 长宽一致, 包含外边距
margin | Margin to add around the QR code. 二维码图像的外边距, 默认 20px
colorDark | Color of "true" blocks. Works only when both colorDark and colorLight are set. (BYTE_DTA, BYTE_POS, BYTE_AGN, BYTE_TMG) 实点的颜色
colorLight | Color of empty space, or "false" blocks. Works only when both colorDark and colorLight are set. (BYTE_EPT) 空白区的颜色
backgroundImage | Background image to embed in the QR code. Leave null to disable. 欲嵌入的背景图, 设为 null 以禁用
backgroundDimming | Color mask to add above the background image. Helpful when having problems with decoding. 叠加在背景图上的颜色, 在解码有难度的时有一定帮助
logoImage | Logo image to embed at the center of generated QR code. Leave `undefined` to disable. 欲嵌入至二维码中心的 LOGO 标识, 设为 `undefined` 以禁用
logoScale | Value used to scale the logo image. Larger value may result in decode failure. Size of the logo equals to `logoScale*(size-2*margin)`. Default is 0.2f. 用于计算 LOGO 大小的值, 过大将导致解码失败, LOGO 尺寸计算公式 `logoScale*(size-2*margin)`, 默认 0.2f
logoMargin | White margin that appears around the logo image. Leave 0 to disable. LOGO 标识周围的空白边框, 设为 0 以禁用
logoCornerRadius | Radius of the logo's corners. Leave 0 to disable. LOGO 标识及其边框的圆角半径, 设为 0 以禁用
whiteMargin | If set to true, a white border will appear around the background image. Default is true. 若设为 true, 背景图外将绘制白色边框
dotScale | Value used to scale down the data dots' size. (0 < scale < 1.0f) 数据区域点缩小比例
autoColor | If set to true, the dominant color of backgroundImage will be used as colorDark. Default is true. 若为 true, 背景图的主要颜色将作为实点的颜色, 即 colorDark
binarize | If set to true, the whole image will be binarized with the given threshold, or default threshold if not specified. Default is false. 若为 true, 图像将被二值化处理, 未指定阈值则使用默认值
binarizeThreshold | Threshold used to binarize the whole image. Default is 128. (0 < threshold < 255) 二值化处理的阈值
callback | Data URI of the generated QR code will be available here. 生成的二维码 Data URI 可以在回调中取得
bindElement | Element to inject the generated QR code into. MUST be the ID of the target element. (without the "#" prefix). Element type can be `<div>`, `<img>`, etc.

> If you'd like to try out the feature `bindElement`, explore the source code of [this page](https://www.bitcat.cc/webapp/awesome-qr/index2.html).

### Introducing EFQRCode written in Swift

EFQRCode is a tool to generate QRCode image or recognize QRCode from image, in Swift.

Awesome-qr.js is inspired by [EFQRCode by EyreFree](https://github.com/EyreFree/EFQRCode).

If your application is in need of generating pretty QR codes in Swift, take a look at EFQRCode.

It should help.

### AwesomeQRCode written for Android, 支持 Android 的 AwesomeQRCode

Redirect to [AwesomeQRCode](https://github.com/SumiMakito/AwesomeQRCode).

### Vue 2.x Component for Awesome-qr.js

Take a look at [Vue-qr by Binaryify](https://github.com/Binaryify/vue-qr).

### Would you like to buy me a cup of cappuccino? 要请我喝一杯卡布奇诺吗？
PayPal | Alipay
----|----
[PayPal](https://www.paypal.me/makito) | [Alipay](https://qr.alipay.com/a6x02021re1jk4ftcymlw79)

### Changelog 更新日志

##### Ver. 1.0.6

- Fixed an issue related to the coordinate system.

##### Ver. 1.0.5

- Now you may use Awesome-qr.js with [require.js](http://requirejs.org/).
- New feature: Embedding a logo image in the QR code.
- Added some features which previously only available on Android platform.

##### Ver. 1.0.4

- Compatibility improved.

##### Ver. 1.0.3

- Now generated QR codes can be automatically filled into specified elements.

##### Ver. 1.0.2, 1.0.1

- Published to NPM.
- Now background images can be binarized.

##### Ver 1.0.0

- Initial release.

### Copyright &amp; License, 版权信息与授权协议

Copyright &copy; 2017 Sumi Makito

Licensed under Apache License 2.0 License.

```
Copyright (c) 2017 Sumi Makito, https://www.keep.moe

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

```
jquery-qrcode
Copyright (c) 2011 Jerome Etienne, http://jetienne.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
```

```
QRCode for JavaScript
Copyright (c) 2009 Kazuhiko Arase
URL: http://www.d-project.com/
Licensed under the MIT license:
    http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
The word "QR Code" is registered trademark of 
DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED
    http://www.denso-wave.com/qrcode/faqpatent-e.html
```
